Jk/fix/cleancode (#241)
bluebanquise/bluebanquise: roles/core/ssh_master/readme.rst

Description
^^^^^^^^^^^

> This role configure the ssh access of inventory know hosts to ensure ssh access through nodes main network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role configures the ssh access of inventory known hosts to ensure ssh access through nodes main network.
```

inventory, fix it, and remove manually /root/.ssh/config and relaunch its
generation.

Input
^^^^^

Mandatory inventory vars:

**hostvars[hosts]**

* network_interfaces[item]

> 

Reviewer: \+ optional var `security.ssh.hostkey_checking` for hostvars[inventory_host] ?
